Irma is the flexship event that we have
created in an IP with CNBC tv18 to
celebrate the risk management of
corporate India when it got started 10
years back it was truly a push event we
went about meeting corporates explaining
them the essence of this particular
event now as we get into the 10th year
of Celebration we are truly amazed in
the level in which large medium and
small corporates come and participate it
has become an iconic event for the
industry in Risk Management as we look
forward to each one of you participating
this year and making it special for us
we're also equally delighted as the
insurer to be part of this particular
event ICI I lombar and CNBC TV8 present
India risk management Awards a decade of
celebrating risk champions